---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudsqlpostgresql_grant_table Resource - cloudsqlpostgresql"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The cloudsqlpostgresql_grant_table resource creates and manages privileges given to a user or role on a table
---

# cloudsqlpostgresql_grant_table (Resource)

The `cloudsqlpostgresql_grant_table` resource creates and manages privileges given to a user or role on a table

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudsqlpostgresql_grant_table" "default" {
  table    = "table"
  database = "database"
  schema   = "schema"
  role     = "username"
  privileges = [
    {
      privilege = "SELECT"
    },
    {
      privilege = "UPDATE"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_config` (Attributes) The connection properties for the Cloud SQL instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_config))
- `privileges` (Attributes Set) A list of privileges to grant on the table for this role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--privileges))
- `role` (String) The name of the role to grant privileges on the table. Can be username or role.
- `schema` (String) The schema where the table resides.
- `table` (String) The table on which the privileges will be granted for this role.

<a id="nestedatt--connection_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_config`

Required:

- `connection_name` (String) The connection name of the Google Cloud SQL Postgresql instance. The `connection_name` format should be `<project>:<region>:<instance>`
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use to authenticate using the built-in database authentication
- `username` (String) The username to use to authenticate with the Cloud SQL Postgresql instance

Optional:

- `database` (String) The database to connect to. Defaults to `postgres`.
- `private_ip` (Boolean) Use the private IP address of the Cloud SQL Postgresql instance to connect to
- `proxy` (String) Proxy socks url if used. Format needs to be `socks5://<ip>:<port>`
- `psc` (Boolean) Use the Private Service Connect endpoint of the Cloud SQL Postgresql instance to connect to
- `ssl_mode` (String) Determine the security of the connection to the Cloud SQL Postgresql instance


<a id="nestedatt--privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `privileges`

Required:

- `privilege` (String) The privilege to grant. Can only be one of `SELECT`, `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, `TRUNCATE`, `REFERENCES`, `TRIGGER` or `ALL`

Optional:

- `with_grant_option` (Boolean) Whether the role can grant the same privileges to others.
